donkeys have been bred to be docile and
they have no instinct of how to escape
no animal has a concept of restraint
predators least of all
these last 45 minutes could be their
undoing and it puts flip in a really
awkward position he doesn't want the
Cubs killed but keeps to his promise to
inform the village these two young lions
are very important to to your
Conservancy but if these Lions kill any
of your livestock you know you can shoot
them if they cause problems Shane
Madrid you I know you get it but I do
know for one do the input to the vehicle
and it is not for me to say or ask for
you not to shoot them that's your
decision
and all I'm saying to you is before
people shoot them if they kill livestock
you've got to think very carefully
those two lions were born here they are
used to this area and that's very
valuable